DOCS: differences between slug and slugify (#320)
Trott/slug: README.md

npm install --save-dev @types/slug
```

## Differences between `slug` and `slugify` packages

Here are some key differences between this package and [`slugify`](https://github.com/simov/slugify).

- **Defaults:** `slug` has the `lower` option enabled by default, lowercasing all slugs
  (`'On SALE'` becomes `'on-sale'`).  
  `slugify` has the `lower` option disabled by default (`'On SALE'` becomes `'On-SALE'`).
- **IE11 Support:** `slug` currently still supports IE11
  (_However, [support will be dropped June 2022](https://github.com/Trott/slug/blob/beta/CHANGELOG.md)!_).  
  `slugify` dropped support for IE11 some time ago.

> - **Symbols:** `slug` removes unrecognized symbols (`'$100'` becomes `'100'`, `'<5'` becomes `'5'`, etc).  
>   `slugify` maps them to words (`'$100'` becomes `'dollar100'`, `'<5'` becomes `'less5'`, etc).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 **Symbols:** `slug` removes unrecognized symbols (`'$100'` becomes `'100'`, `'<5'` becomes `'5'`, etc.).  
  `slugify` maps them to words (`'$100'` becomes `'dollar100'`, `'<5'` becomes `'less5'`, etc.).
```

- **Empty Output:** `slug` will return a short, predictable hash (`'   '` becomes `'icag'` and `'🎉'` becomes `'8joiq'`).  

>   `slugify` will return an empty string (`'   '` and `'🎉'` becomes `''`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `slugify` will return an empty string (`'   '` and `'🎉'` become `''`).
```

npm install --save-dev @types/slug
```

## Differences between `slug` and `slugify` packages

> I also contribute to a similar package called [`slugify`](https://github.com/simov/slugify).
> Here are the key differences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here are some key differences between this package and [`slugify`](https://github.com/simov/slugify).
```

- **Defaults:** `slug` has the `lower` option enabled by default, lowercasing all slugs
  (`'On SALE'` becomes `'on-sale'`).  
  `slugify` has the `lower` option disabled by default (`'On SALE'` becomes `'On-SALE'`).
- **IE11 Support:** `slug` currently still supports IE11
  (_However, [support will be dropped June 2022](https://github.com/Trott/slug/blob/beta/CHANGELOG.md)!_).  
  `slugify` dropped support for IE11 some time ago.
- **Currency:** `slug` removes currency symbols (`'$100'` becomes `'100'`).  

>   `slugify` maps them to words (`$100` becomes `dollar100`).

Reviewer: It's not just currency, although that's a big one. Slugify has other symbols that it converts to words by default. For example, it converts `<` to `less`. I'm not sure how to explain that succinctly. Maybe just say "currency and other symbols" instead of "currency"?

Author: Yeah, "symbols" is a better word for it. We can give multiple examples including the less than and currency.

Author: Updated.

- **Empty Output:** If an input string contains only spaces, or other unrecognized/unmapped characters,

>   it would result in an empty slug.  

Reviewer: I think this sentence needs to specify that it's talking about `slugify` behavior.

Author: Yeah, I was describing the overall situation, but I can remove it.

Author: Updated.

>   `slug` will return a short random hash instead (`'   '` or `'🎉'` becomes like `'8joiq'`).

Reviewer: I want to be really careful about how this part is worded. The has isn't random. It's predictable and repeatable. The fact that the input maps to the one and only one output is important for a lot of use cases.

Author: Okay, I'll reword this. I'll also include the resulting hash for three spaces `'   '` becomes `icag`

Author: Updated.

>   Better a slug with no meaning than no slug at all.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
